DOC-414: Add Azure Container Apps service documentation (#890)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/azure/services/container-apps.mdx

Update the container app with a new environment variable.
Every change to the app template mints a new revision:

```bash
az containerapp update \
  --name quickstart \
  --resource-group rg-aca-demo \
  --revision-suffix v2 \
  --set-env-vars GREETING=hello
```

List the revisions of the app:

```bash
az containerapp revision list \
  --name quickstart \
  --resource-group rg-aca-demo \
  --query "[].name" \
  --output tsv
```

```bash title="Output"
quickstart--v1
quickstart--v2
```

In the default `Single` revisions mode, the latest ready revision serves all traffic and older revisions are deactivated automatically.
In `Multiple` mode, revisions stay active and can be deactivated and re-activated with `az containerapp revision deactivate` and `az containerapp revision activate`.

### Run a job

Create a manually triggered job in the same environment:

```bash
az containerapp job create \
  --name my-job \
  --resource-group rg-aca-demo \
  --environment my-environment \
  --trigger-type Manual \
  --replica-timeout 1800 \
  --image mcr.microsoft.com/k8se/quickstart-jobs:latest \
  --cpu 0.25 --memory 0.5Gi
```

Start an execution of the job.

> The execution runs as a real container and the command returns once it reaches a terminal state:

Reviewer: `job start` returns as soon as the execution is accepted, so the first `execution list` shows `Running` rather than `Succeeded`. Verified against both targets. The output block below should say `Running`, with a line telling the reader to re-run until the status is terminal.

```suggestion
The command returns as soon as the execution is accepted, so the execution is first reported as `Running`:
```

Author: Confirmed and applied in e74a5be.

`az containerapp job start` returns `JobExecutionBase` (`{name, id}`, no status field) on a 202-accepted async operation, so it completes when the execution is scheduled, not when the container reaches a terminal state. The immediate `execution list` therefore reports `Running`, matching what you saw against both targets.

Changes:
- Reworded the line to your suggestion (execution first reported as `Running`).
- Changed the first `execution list` output to `Running`.
- Added a note to re-run `execution list` until the status is terminal (`Succeeded`/`Failed`), followed by the terminal output.
